com/example/chongwen/Courier.java
 com.example.chongwen.Courier
com/example/chongwen/zbar/camera/CameraManager.java
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.camera.CameraManager
com/example/chongwen/MainActivity.java
 com.example.chongwen.MainActivity
com/example/chongwen/HttpLogin.java
 com.example.chongwen.HttpLogin
com/example/xuwei/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.xuwei.BuildConfig
com/example/chongwen/zbar/decode/DecodeHandler.java
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.decode.DecodeHandler
com/example/chongwen/zbar/decode/DecodeThread.java
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.decode.DecodeThread
com/example/chongwen/util/DESUtil.java
 com.example.chongwen.util.DESUtil
com/example/chongwen/zbar/decode/MainHandler.java
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.decode.MainHandler
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.decode.MainHandler$State
com/example/chongwen/util/Constant.java
 com.example.chongwen.util.Constant
com/example/chongwen/LoginFragment.java
 com.example.chongwen.LoginFragment
 com.example.chongwen.LoginFragment$1
 com.example.chongwen.LoginFragment$2
 com.example.chongwen.LoginFragment$3
 com.example.chongwen.LoginFragment$4
 com.example.chongwen.LoginFragment$executeReply
com/example/chongwen/zbar/utils/BeepManager.java
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.utils.BeepManager
com/example/chongwen/zbar/camera/CameraConfigurationManager.java
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.camera.CameraConfigurationManager
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.camera.CameraConfigurationManager$1
com/example/chongwen/zbar/camera/CameraPreview.java
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.camera.CameraPreview
com/example/chongwen/zbar/CaptureActivity.java
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.CaptureActivity
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.CaptureActivity$1
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.CaptureActivity$2
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.CaptureActivity$3
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.CaptureActivity$4
com/example/chongwen/SingleFragmentActivity.java
 com.example.chongwen.SingleFragmentActivity
com/example/chongwen/zbar/utils/Config.java
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.utils.Config
com/example/chongwen/zbar/view/ScanLineView.java
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.view.ScanLineView
com/example/chongwen/zbar/camera/PreviewCallback.java
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.camera.PreviewCallback
com/example/chongwen/zbar/camera/AutoFocusManager.java
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.camera.AutoFocusManager
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.camera.AutoFocusManager$1
 com.example.chongwen.zbar.camera.AutoFocusManager$AutoFocusTask
com/example/chongwen/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.chongwen.HomeFragment
 com.example.chongwen.HomeFragment$1
com/example/chongwen/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.chongwen.HomeActivity
